Docs: Add new field to exhibitors API (#3624)
pretix/pretix: doc/plugins/exhibitors.rst

.. http:get:: /api/v1/organizers/(organizer)/events/(event)/exhibitors/(id)/vouchers/

   Returns a list of all vouchers connected to an exhibitor. The response contains the same data as described in

>    :ref:`rest-vouchers`, plus an additional field ``exhibitor_comment`` that is shown to the exhibitor. It can only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`rest-vouchers` as well as for each voucher an additional field ``exhibitor_comment`` that is shown to the exhibitor. It can only
```
